feat: Add CLP connector. (#14)
y-scope/velox: velox/docs/develop/connectors.rst

   * - Connector Factory
     - Enables creating instances of a particular connector.

> Velox provides Hive, CLP and TPC-H Connectors out of the box.
> Let's examine the implementation details of both the Hive and CLP Connectors as examples

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Velox provides Hive, CLP, and TPC-H Connectors out of the box.
Let's examine the implementation details of both the Hive and CLP Connectors as examples.
```

4. The no_proxy/NO_PROXY list is comma separated.
5. Use . or \*. to indicate domain suffix matching, e.g. `.foobar.com` will
   match `test.foobar.com` or `foo.foobar.com`.

CLP Connector
-------------

> The CLP Connector is used to read CLP archives stored in a local file system or S3. It implements similar

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The CLP Connector is used to read CLP archives stored on a local file system or S3. It implements similar
```

interfaces as the Hive Connector except for the `DataSink` interface. Here we only describe the `DataSource`

> interface and the `ConnectorSplit` interface implementation since `Connector` and `ConnectorFactory` are

Reviewer 2: for these class names, shall we use "``" instead of "`"? Because they should be inline code

similar to the Hive Connector.

ClpConnectorSplit
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> The ClpConnectorSplit describes a data chunk using `split_path`. For now, only archive format is supported.

Reviewer 2: maybe for all class names we can wrap them with "``"

Reviewer 2: also there is no `split_path` but just `path_`

Author: That's weird, all hive code uses a single `

Author: I'll just change clp connector cases

> The ClpConnectorSplit describes a data chunk using ``path``. For now, only archive format is supported.
> The ``path`` is the path to the archive file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``ClpConnectorSplit`` describes a data chunk using ``path``, which is the path to the archive file.
```

Reviewer: Let's mention IR once we've implemented it.

ClpDataSource
~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> The ClpDataSource implements the ``addSplit`` API that consumes a ClpConnectorSplit and ``next`` API that

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``ClpDataSource`` implements the ``addSplit`` API that consumes a ``ClpConnectorSplit`` and ``next`` API that
```

processes the split and returns a batch of rows.

> During initialization, it records the KQL query and archive source (S3 or local). It then iterates through each
> output column, accessing its handle to get its type and original name, and specifically for row types, it
> recursively traverses the nested structure to process each field; for non-row types, it directly maps the
> Velox column type to a CLP column type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
During initialization, it records the KQL query and archive source (S3 or local). It then iterates through
each output column, accessing its handle to get its type and original name. For row types, it recursively
traverses the nested structure to process each field; for non-row types, it directly maps the Velox column
type to a CLP column type.
```

When a split is added, a ``ClpCursor`` is created with the archive path and input source. The query is parsed

> and simplified into an AST. On ``next``, the cursor finds matching row indices and, if any exist, ``ClpDataSource``
> recursively creates a row vector composed of lazy vectors, which use CLP column readers to decode and load data
> as needed during execution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and simplified into an AST. On ``next``, the cursor finds matching row indices and, if any exist,
``ClpDataSource`` recursively creates a row vector composed of lazy vectors, which use CLP column readers to
decode and load data as needed during execution.
```
